Abstract
--------
This project will include a bunch of libraries to invoke Tractis Webservices' services from different programming languages.
Those libraries will be organized first according to the language used to program them and then to the service they invoke.

Roadmap
-------
No roadmap has been specified yet. We'll be adding features and clients as long as we're releasing them or our clients keep asking for a certain missing feature or lang.
Contributions are greatly welcome. If you could provide an implementation on a programming language not listed yet just submit it and we'll be very happy to include it on the project.

Licensing
---------
All the code in this project has been licensed under MIT license model. Referenced libraries, gems ... are limited by the licensing schema determined by their respective creators.

Here we provide a copy of the MIT License that applies to the whole project source code and documentation.

Copyright (c) 2011 Tractis

 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
 of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
 in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
 to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
 copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
 furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
 all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
 IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
 AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
 OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
 THE SOFTWARE.

